# Task 1. Watch the video and fill in the table. What does our perception of time depend on?
1) Time goes from East to West
2) Time goes uphill
3) Time goes down river
4) Time flows into the village at one angle and flows out at another based on topography
# Task 2. Answer the questions
1) Eschatology - the part of theology concerned with death, judgement, and the final destiny of the soul and of humankind.  Two moments in the year when the Sun’s apparent path is farthest north or south from Earth’s Equator.
2) ???
3) ???
# Task 4. Fill in the gaps with preposition where possible and suggest synonyms for the phrases or explain their meaning. 
1) bestowed on - given to
2) insights into - understanding
3) ticked over to - run slowly?
4) grounded in - based on
5) interwoven with - connected
6) observances - ritual
7) have smth to show for smth - achieve something
8) expand upon, used by - flash out
9) passage of time - flow of time
10) ward off - fend off
# Task 6. Answer the questions below.
1) Maya calendar ended on that day. Nothing special.
2) It's very accurate.
3) There are strong similarities between Maya calendars and those used by older Central American civilizations like the Olmec. The Maya appear to have simply expanded upon these.
4) The haab consists of 18 months of 20 days each, with another month of five days for a total of 365 days. The tzolkin has 260 days, and consists of 20 named days and 13 numbers, with each combination of name and number occurring once.
5) The Maya still use these two calendars today to guide their agricultural season and to dictate the timing of religious observances. 
6) Nah, I'd win
# Task 7. Open the brackets and add a correct preposition.
1) of working
2) in studying
3) of dying
4) of studying
5) of saving