# Task 1. Use the verb in brackets in the correct form.
1) had acted
2) could fly
3) had worked, had passed
4) could afford
5) had been born
6) I had had, could have answered
7) hadn't moved, would visit, were living
8) had happened
9) weren't
10) was reached, was signed
# Task 2. Choose an ending for each beginning and add a verb from each pair
1) If he had taken the train yesterday, he would be delivering his report at the conference now.
2) If he had apologized to her, they would be still married.
3) If she had been a better cook. they wouldn't have refused to try it then.
4) If I had been more hospitable, I would have asked them over last weekend.
5) If I knew he was in hospital, I would have gone to see him long ago!
6) If he had cut his hair, he would look much better now.
# Task 3. Complete the sentences with Past Perfect Simple or Past Perfect Continuous.
1) hadn't been eating
2) had been playing
3) I had forgotten
4) He had been watching
5) I had always loved
6) had come
7) He had been smoking
8) I had just sat
# Task 4. Use the tip verbs in a proper past tense reading the story about Julie and David.
1) had been walking
2) was sinking
3) had lost
4) had been thinking
5) had ever had to
6) hadn't been
7) had known
8) had never argued
9) had become
10) had seemed
11) had started
12) was
13) needed
14) had gone well
15) had offered
16) hadn't he discussed
17) had always wanted
18) had ever known
19) would she be?
20) she has ever loved?
# Task 5. Put the verbs in the correct tense. Use Present Simple, Past Simple, Past Continuous or Past Perfect.
1) was
2) stood
3) picked up
4) had left
5) was
6) engraved
7) do you make
8) say
9) gave
10) do you know
11) did
12) believe
# Task 6. Complete the mixed conditional sentences with the correct form of the verbs from the box.
1) hadn't eaten, wouldn't be
2) had, would have
3) were, would have acted
4) would be at, hadn't lost
5) wasn't, would have finished
6) would feel, hadn't achieved
7) hadn't worked, wouldn't have gotten
8) had done, would know
9) would still be, hadn't scared
10) would have, had gone