# Task 1. Read the text about the Bauhaus and fill in the table with the missing information.
Art styles: avant-garde, surrealism, expressionism,
People: Walter Gropius, Hannes Meyer, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Josef Albers, Anni Albers, Marcel Breuer, Herbert Bayer Marianne Brandt, Lyonel Feininger, Johannes Itten, Wassily Kandinsky, Paul Klee, László Moholy-Nagy, Oskar Schlemmer, Donald Judd, Meret Oppenheimer
Stages of the Bauhaus development: “Staatliches Bauhaus”, Bauhaus Dessau, Bauhaus Berlin
Places: Germany, Weimar, Thuringia, Berlin, Brandenburg, Chicago, North Carolina, Black Mountain College
# Task 2. 
## (a) Before watching the video find the explanation (definition) of the highlighted word(s).
1) the action of making new or secret information known
2) think deeply about something.
3) moment of sudden, triumphant discovery, inspiration
4) an event, action, or object that clearly shows or embodies something abstract or theoretical
5) openly resist or refuse to obey
6) accelerate
7) present, appearing, or found everywhere (omnipresent)
8) force to go up
## (b) Watch the video and answer the questions below
1) versions of cantilever chairs
2) because of the role it played in popularizing modernism designs
3) they laid the founding ideas of Bauhaus' designs
4) deeply modern, beautiful, functional, reproducible
5) duh
# Task 4. Rewrite the sentences using Past Perfect Simple or Past Perfect Continuous and do not change meaning.
1) He had been relaxing all day so he felt better in the evening.
2) The ship landed in Nice, after it had been sailing for two days.
3) She had sold her house, after which she moved to Brixham.
4) They were tired as they had been hurrying all the way.
5) Before she started to travel she had graduated.
6) They where hungry because they had been swimming all day.
7) Sarah had thought about going to America, before finally she decided to study there.
8) Patrick didn't need a translator as he had learned German at school.
9) When James got up, all sandwiches had disappeared already.
