# Task 1. Watch the episode and tick the topics discussed in the video.
1) ?The wealth of Jeff Bezos.
2) +The price of a ticket for Jeff Bezos' rocket.
3) +The projected opening year of the first space hotel.
4) +The name of the space hotel.
5) -The number of rooms available in the space hotel.
6) +The sights visible to guests at the space hotel.
7) -The nightly cost of staying at the space hotel.
8) +The impact of space travel on Earth's environment.
# Task 4. Fill in the gaps with the following verbs, mind the form (promise, expect (2), need, plan, intend, may arise, tend (2), appear (2)).
1) tend
2) appears
3) is expected
4) need
5) plan
6) may arise
7) expect
8) promises?
9) tend
10) intend
11) appears
# Task 5.  Choose the correct form
1) learn
2) to have
3) to sell, have
4) to be told
5) spend
6) to not
7) spend
# Task 6. Read the text and find missing -to.
Have you ever wanted <u>to</u> try a really adventurous holiday in your life? Would you love <u>to</u> travel to other planets? Why not join our team? That is how it works: you tell us what you can do and what you’d like <u>to</u> be able to do. We assess your abilities and offer <u>to</u> teach you at least two different training for cosmonauts. If you choose <u>to</u> accept our offer, we decide on a date and then arrange <u>to</u> collect you from the airport <u>to</u> get to our training campus. We promise <u>to</u> provide you with all the space equipment and a well-qualified expert .You can expect <u>to</u> be taught in a safe environment with the minimum of risk. You promise <u>to</u> not overestimate your abilities-we can only work with what is already there! Interested? Then visit our website.