# 2.6.1 Historical Heritage Grammar Revision
## Task 1
1. Success of the charity event was greatly contributed to by her generous donation.
2. The house's appearance will be enhanced with a makeover of the house.
3. A decision to build a new house in place of the old one.
4. While the bill was being prepared, we asked for a dessert.
5. The design elements of the new house were consciously diversified.
6. Your order will be delivered in thirty minutes.
7. The once run-down neighborhood was transformed into a trendy and upscale area by the process of gentrification. 
8. New luxury apartments were hoped to induce further gentrification in the neighborhoods.
9. I don't like being told what to do in the kitchen.
10. Her decision to abandon her old clothes and donate them to charity was affected by her desire to declutter and help people in need.
11. The requirements were fulfilled by the team.
12. The efforts of the volunteers at the football match were appreciated by local government.
## Task 2
1. Herd
2. flock
3. team
4. pack
5. swarm
6. school
7. group
8. committee
9. crowd
10. band
## Task 3
1. group
2. cohesion
3. sustainable
4. build
5. ecosystem
6. hub
7. settle
8. make the most of
9. change perceptions
10. unmanned spacecraft
## Task 4
1. messier.
2. greater
3. the grossest.
4. the farthest.
5. the most outstanding?
6. faster?
7. the most innovative.
8. better?
9. most successful?
10. the biggest.
11. more dedicated?
12. the exciting
## Task 5
1. a
2. a
3. c
4. a b?
5. had had the recipe, would have
6. don't secure, could be
7. had, would
8. have, will
9. had, would
10. is, will turn
11. were, would
12. had, would
## Task 6
1. B
2. C
3. C A?
4. B
5. B C?
6. D
7. C
8. C
9. C
10. B
11. D
12. B
13. C
14. D
15. D