# 2.1.1 Life Styles

## Grammar Tasks
### Task 1
1. must be summited
2. can still be found
3. can be clearly seen
4. should his secret be revealed
5. should be devoted
6. might have been damaged
7. may have been painted
8. must has been sent
### Task 2
1. The baby was looked after.
2. Picture was looked at by a lot of people
3. The case was spoken about by many people.
4. The house was broken into at night.
5. He can be relied on
6. Three children were brought up by them
7. Why is she always laughed at?
8. This source is often referred to
9. This problem was given a lot of thought.
10. The fire was put out
### Task 3
1. When Stephen Hawking's diagnosis was learnt by him, he was 21
2. Nobel prize monetary award can be received by no more than three recipients in each category
3. Susannah Darwin was given birth to on 12th February 1809
4. His finding were compiled into a book called On the Origin of Species
5. Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming by accident.
6. Rachel is remembered as a marine biologist who warned us about the of chemicals in the ocean
7. The ways in which people should protect ocean species are highlighted in the book Silent Spring
8. The rules are known by everyone but are followed by no-one.
9. Sir David Attenborough is regarded as a prominent naturalist who dedicated his life to documenting different species around the world.
10. Steve Irwin is always referred as "The crocodile hunter"
## Reading tasks

### Task 2
1. Community - a group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common
2. Movement - a group of people working together to advance their shared political, social, or artistic ideas.
### Task 3
1. movement
2. community
3. movement
4. movement
5. community
6. movement
# 2.2 Life Styles
## Task 2
1. c
2. n
3. h
4. a
5. j
6. p
7. L
8. d
9. b
10. e
11. g
12. f
13. k
14. i
15. m
16. o
## Task 3
- sustainability
- influencer, influence
- appreciation
- meaning
- alignment
- achievement
- consideration
- fulfillment
## Task 4
1. sustainability
2. achievement
3. fulfillment
4. alignment
5. appreciation
6. meaning
7. consideration
8. influence
## Task 5
### 4
1. d
2. f?
3. a
4. g
5. b
6. e
7. c